# April Kwon
>
>22803 44th Ave W #B5, Mountlake Terrace, WA 98043  
>yura.kwo@gmail.com  
>(206) 605-4974   
>

## Essay Questions  

#### 1. Why do you want to join Ada Developers Academy? What makes you a great fit for Cohort 11? Read Ada's Vision, Mission and Inclusivity Statement. How will you contribute to Ada's vision for an inclusive and diverse community?

 I want to join Ada because I want to be in a tech career where I can continuously learn in a safe, inclusive environment. As the _only_ Korean-American girl growing up in Oklahoma for over ten years back in the 90s, I am no stranger to being bullied, harassed, and discriminated against. I know what it feels like to be constantly invalidated and trapped in a place where you feel you don’t belong. At work, I fight for the right to be in an authoritative position in the predominantly male-dominated game industry. I feel that these experiences really shaped me to be sensitive to others feelings; it’s so important to support each other stand with those who need it but most often don’t get the support they need. I know that Ada strives for diversity and has a strong support system. I want to be in that environment, to be supported and be there for others. After reading through the statement, I feel even more determined to attend Ada and hope to give back by helping my fellow classmates and future students.

#### 2. Tell us about your journey thus far to learn about and confirm your interest in programming. What do you love about programming? What is hardest about programming?

I have been studying Ruby via the following free resources for the past few months:
*https://www.codecademy.com/
*https://learnrubythehardway.org/
And Ada’s Jumpstart program.
*https://github.com/Ada-Developers-Academy/jump-start
In high school, I loved to make simple websites and small games (in the days of Geocities, Myspace and Livejournal) by utilizing HTML, Java, and C++; I dreamed that I would be able to work and travel without financial and locational constraints. Three years ago, I finally started entry level work for a game testing company, and earlier this year a full-time position opened up and I applied. Though I devoted the past three years to this company, I was passed up for a young man who had more programming experience than me, though he had only worked there for a year. The hardest part about programming for me is overcoming the industry, reminding myself that as a Korean-American woman, I belong and deserve to have a place in the industry, that I can study. This whole incident did rekindle my curiosity for programming though, and I found that I love learning code! I love that there are so many possibilities in each programming language. While I can honestly admit that the idea of troubleshooting can be tedious and torturously painful for me, when it comes to code, it becomes an interesting puzzle I am determined to put together! That’s what I love about programming. I think my brain just treats it like learning a new foreign language.


#### 3. Where do you see your career in the next five years? What will be your impact in the Tech field, especially as it relates to Ada’s mission?

I can see myself continuously studying different programming languages after Ada, and if I’m not making self-help websites, apps, and games to help with mental health issues (and the owner of the company creating these sites/apps/games), I hope that I will be impacting causes I hold very dear to me (environmental and mental health). I hope that I am traveling for work. I hope that I am helping others who are just starting out in my field, by being a mentor or teacher while doing my job. I want to create a clearer future for those who have been lost like me; perhaps financial constraints and life happenings have kept people from pursuing higher education, and like me, Ada is their one chance to learn in a stable environment. If I can help people on the right path and foster a passion in tech, I think that would be a wonderfully fulfilling impact in the field.

#### 4. Tell us about a time you failed. What happened? What did you learn from the experience? What would you do differently?

Where I work, well-written bug reports are incredibly important because they are being sent to game developers who have to reproduce these issues. The bug reports start with a game tester writing the rough report, and must be filtered through the Team Lead, Senior Lead, then a manager, before being sent to the game developer. Often times game testers make many spelling and grammar errors in their reports, and it’s up to the Lead and Senior Lead to catch these issues _BEFORE_ we turn them into the manager. One day we were required to report same day, and I was the Senior Lead. I rushed over a very poorly written report. I turned it in to our manager, who had trusted me to catch the errors before turning it in. Our manager submitted this report to the game developers. They asked for clarification on multiple issues. This report reflected poorly on us, and made us look unprofessional. I learned that I need to work more effectively in a time crunch, and not rush through things. If I could have done that differently, I would have slowed down and carefully read through the entire report, and made the correct edits BEFORE turning it in to our manager. After sitting down with my managers, and pinpointing what I really need to look out for, we really corrected my behavior and months later, we have many clients who come to us specifically to write reports because they are easy to read and follow.

#### 5. (ONLY FOR REAPPLICANTS) What has changed since your last application? Why are you a stronger candidate now compared to before? Please share any relevant work, study, or personal experiences.

The last time I applied to Ada, my best friend had just successfully completed a previous cohort. I saw how she went from being in a similar situation like me, working part time jobs to make ends meet, then to being successful in a little over a year. I wanted that for myself; to be successful, and finally be financially independent while being able to contribute to my partner and family. So I applied back in April, but didn’t get to the next phase. But I have come to learn so much from NOT proceeding! What changed this time around, was that I was really able to focus and enjoy learning through preparing for Ada. I sat myself down and asked what I missed. I didn’t really know much about coding, save for my limited experiences in high school. So I asked friends and coworkers about free resources on coding, really took the time to study Ada’s Jumpstart program, ran through some lessons in Ruby and Javascript on Codeacademy, and practiced through learnrubythehardway.org (getting used to the command line). I found that I loved learning, even the parts I had to troubleshoot. I dedicated a few hours a day after work, also practicing through Terminal and memorizing some of the basic commands. I really want to keep learning, so much so that I am ready to move back in with my parents, so I can really focus and dedicate all my time and effort into Ada!
